Use Case Name: RecoredAndApproveClaims
Participating Actors :  Claimant(primary), Approver
Goal: Claimant recoreds his claim(s) and submits to approver to approve.
Trigger: Claimant adds a new claim
Precondition: Claimant knews the detail of his claim(name of claim,destination(s),starting date,ending date,items,status,amount spent on this claim etc.)
Postconditon: On success,claimant recoreds his claim and submits to approver, and the approver sents the feedback to claimant,the information he saves could be viewed.
Basic Flow:

	1. System prompts claimant to log in his account.
	2. Claimant submits username and password.
	3. System lists the claims that claimant has added,and prompts for claimant if he wants to add or view a claim.
	4. Claimant chooses to add a new claim.
	5. System displays an interface which ask claimant to put the claim name,destination,tags,starting date,ending date and discriptions on the blank spaces.
	6. Claimant puts the claim name,starting date,ending date and discriptions on the blank spaces and clicks the add button.
	7. System jumps to the claimlist interface and prompts claimant to edit(add items) the claim he just saved.
	8. Claimant clicks the cliam he just saved.
	9. System jumps to the additem interface which asks claimant to put on item information(name,amount spent,category,receipt,description).
	10. Claimant adds a new item and clicks the add botton.
	11. System prompts claimant to add more items or jump to claim view.
	12. If claimant chooses add more then the system jumps to step 9, if claimant chooses to jump to cliam view the system jumps to claim view interface.
	13. System prompts claimant to change the status of the cliam.
	14. Claimant choose to change the status and sumbmits the cliam to the approver.
	15. System pushes expense information online once claimant gets connectivity to Approver.
	16. Approver checks the claim submited by claimant and choose to return or approve.(If the claim is returned the claimant will recive the reason provided by approver)
	17. Approver approve the claim and sent the name and comments to claimant.
	18. Claimant recived the name and comments made by approver and the cliam is recoreded and approved.
